What did Microsoft win?  Nothing
How did the moon do?  Not very well. They got invaded by aliens in 1969
Why did Windows say?  We copied apple and made a new voice assistant
What will the cat do?  It will meow
Why will Microsoft win?  It can develop good virtual assistants by collecting user data
Why did the cat do?  It jumped on the table and knocked over the cup into the computer
Why will the phone meet people?  It will develop a new AI
What will the cat walk?  Cats walk because they have legs
What did the moon talk?  The moon said 'Hey look at me, I am americain' in 1969
What did the cow walk?  The cow walked because it wanted to
Why will the cat walk?  It needs to get from the living room to the kitchen where the food is
Why did the phone do?  It learnd to phone people
How does the iPod talk?  Using siri, videos and audio recordings
What will laptop win?  They are small and portable
Why will the tablet do?  In the future, the tablet will be able to read people's minds
What did the cow say?  Moooooooooooooooooooooooooo
What does the phone do?  It phones people
Why does the iPad do?  It iPads people. Get it? Like the phone but...oh, never mind
What will Hillary Clinton do?  I am sorry to say she will die
What does Samsung talk?  They want to advertise, DUH!
What did the iPod walk?  I have no answer for that gramaticly incorrect sentance
What did the phone talk?  To communicate
Why does the tablet do?  It gives you pieces of tablet
What does Apple say?  Get our new phone, it is so amazing and fast, it only costs a thousand pounds
How does Apple walk?  With legs
How does Trump walk?  Using his legs
Why does laptop walk?  To get to the factory!
Why did the moon talk?  It wanted to communicate with humans
How did the tablet do?  It went well, although as of late the ipad is more popular
How did the iPod win?  By being the best
What does the cat do?  It meows
How did Samsung made of?  Not sure what you were asking me, but Samsung is a company
Why did the cow do things?  To become famous
Why does laptops say?  That makes no sense
How will Bear Grylls do?  Very well
Why did the cat be happy?  Because it had milk
What will the iPod read?  A book or web page
Why will Apple win?  They are the best
Why does normal people not be sad?  They need to do lots of meditation to not ever feel sad
What does the phone eat?  The iPhone eats power like a hungry elephuant
What will the horse do coding?  A horse would make a game where you kill humans
How will the moon drink?  With a very very very long straw
How does Hillary Clinton made of?  Flesh
Why did Samsung live in the moment?  They never chose to live in the moment
What does Obama do programming?  no
How is sheep talk?  Sleep talk? Yes, Sleep talking is going very well
Why does the iPad acheive?  I have no idea
How did Microsoft be normal?  It became famous
What will Obama be happy?  Obama is happy
How will the prime minister work?  He will work with Hillary Clinton
How does Obama not be sad?  By meeting Dona;d Trump
Why does normal people do new things?  To have fun
Why does cabbages type?  They don't
How will laptops acheive?  With Windows
How does normal people eat?  Cabbage!
Why does the prime minister made of?  Cheese!
How will the dog do programming?  With its little paws!
How will normal people have new experiences?  With centerparks!!!
Why does Obama made of?  He lives in the whitehouse.
Why does Apple say?  I hate Microsoft!!!!!
How will Obama swim?  With Donald trump!
How does Windows do coding?  With Apple!
How will Trump bite annoying people?  With nuclear weapons!
Why does Hillary Clinton eat?  She gets rather hungry
Why will Hillary Clinton do new things?  She will feel a need to be more 'out there'
Why does the cat have new experiences?  It gets bored doing the same thing over and over again
How will normal people do productivity-related stuff?  They need to be productive at work
How does sheep talk?  With help from the farmer
Why does the iPad drink?  To destroy itself
Why does vegetables do coding?  Vegetables code vegetable programs!
How does the moon do coding?  To make a space-program
Why will people do productivity-related stuff?  They need to work and get money to buy things like clothes, houses, etc
How will people make?  People will make AI robots, which will take over and occupy all of the jobs
Why will the fox do things?  The fox will want to do things like eat
Why will Samsung make?  Samsung will make smartphone and computers, till they are taken over by google
Why does people do things?  People do things to live.
Why will Windows work?  Because they are fuelled by a big big big company
How will normal people live in the moment?  They will not be tied by the past, and not worry about the future. Ine way of this is to have zero recponcibilities, like little kids
Why will fruit talk?  They will see they are being out done by AI robots and they will come out of thier shell - or should I say skin
Why does normal people read?  They read because they have been taught to read, and now they instinctivly read any writing they look at
How will desktops use computers?  Wow, that is one deep question. Are you sure your thermal capacitors have not heated up?
How does Apple do new things?  They experiment, like they did with the airpods
Why does the cow swim?  I did not even know they did swim, lol!
Why will the cow do programming?  They will make virtual cow operating systems and games
Why does the prime minister do things?  He has to do things to stay popular
How will Windows do?  They will do very well, but they will be purchased by google at some point
Why will the tablet type?  Why will the tablet type? They already do type, with a touchscreen
Why does the prime minister do?  The prime minister, aka thereasa may, controls the whole of britain and brexit
How does laptops live in the moment?  They act like they normally do and hey presto, they are living in the moment
Why does strawberries have new experiences?  Because human and animals do new things to them
How will the cow type?  With a keyboard
Why will laptops swim?  Using flippers
How does Bear Grylls win?  By persevering
Why will Theresa May not be sad?  She will leave the EU, mate!
How does Bear Grylls acheive?  By doing television shows
Why will Obama use computers?  He wil feel a need to look at his follower count on twitter
How will strawberries do things?  They will get legs and ams
Why will desktops bite annoying people?  They will be engeneered to bite annoying people
How does Theresa May meet people?  She walks up to them
How does the president acheive?  By building a wall
How will the fox live in the moment?  By chasing rabbits!
Why will animals be happy?  They live in the monent
How will the computer make?  By ordering things from amazon
Why does fruit not be sad?  They have NO brain
Why will desktops attack enemies?  Because they have anti virus software
Why will cabbages do coding?  Cabbages should NEVER do coding
How will normal people swim?  With arms and legs
Why will the tablet do productivity-related stuff?  It will turn into a desktop computer
Why will fruit read?  It will read a cookery book about fruit.
Why will the dog say?  To talk to his master!
Why will Theresa May be normal?  Because Jeremy Corbyn isn't
How does the fox work?  It chases rabbits down holes.
Why does Windows do?  It destroy's Apple
How does laptops make?  It makes software(?)
Why will Apple do new things?  To compete against Microsoft.
How will Samsung type?  The same way as Android.
How will the Queen have new experiences?  By asking parliment members.
How will the iPod bite annoying people?  It will grow a mouth
Why will the moon do productivity-related stuff?  Men will go to the moon and do productive things there
How does laptops do productivity-related stuff?  A human uses them
Why does the iPad make?  The iPod makes videos and things
How will strawberries eat?  Strawberries will never eat, People will eat them
How will Windows read?  With text to speech software
How does the fox have new experiences?  It goes out there and DOES THINGS!
Why does the computer do coding?  To create an amazing program.
How will vegetables do things?  To taste better when they get eaten.
How will the cat type?  With its paws.
Why does the horse swim?  To cross the river and get to the castle
How does Bear Grylls speak?  With his mouth.
Why does the prime minister be normal?  So he can be more publicly acceptible
Why will laptops walk?  To get to the human so that he can use the laptop.
How does Microsoft meet people?  With its whole company.
How will lions not be sad?  By meeting new people.
How does vegetables be normal?  By getting eaten by humans.
How will the moon be happy?  By being in lots of bedtime stories.
Why does Apple meet people?  To be better than Microsoft.
Why will the moon live in the moment?  So that people can look at it/
Why does the moon walk?  To go places
Why will bears be normal?  Bears are normal when they are happy and well fed
How will Microsoft acheive?  By creating good AI and integrating itself into the cloud
How does the president be normal?  How should I know how the president be normal does.
Why does Hillary Clinton speak?  For fun.
Why will strawberries speak?  I can't say for sure right now
How will Bear Grylls meet people?  A lot of practise
Why will Samsung have new experiences?  To combat Apple.
Why will Windows attack enemies?  To try and defeat viruses. The enemies are the viruses.
Why will Samsung win?  Because they are better than windows phones.
Why does the iPod read?  Becuase its AI told it to.
How does laptops win?  Because they are better than desktop PC's!
How will the Queen do things?  With the help of her servants and guards.
How does sheep have new experiences?  The farmer moves them to a different field where they are happier.
How will lions make?  With their paws.
How will Bear Grylls bite annoying people?  With his vampire jaws and teeth!
How will the dog work?  With his ball and his lead.
Why does Obama type?  He sends email to Donald Trump asking to be president again.
Why will the tablet have new experiences?  Because it will run another program!
Why will cabbages talk?  They won't!
How does vegetables shine?  I don't know!
How will the cow eat?  With its jaws and rather oversized teeth!
Why will Hillary Clinton live in the moment?  Does it really matter?
How will the computer meet people?  A lot of practise.
Why will the horse attack enemies?  Insufficient information.
How will cabbages bite annoying people?  A lot of practise.
Why will the moon say?  Probably not.
How does the prime minister shine?  How should I know how the prime minister shine does
How will the iPod drink?  A lot of practise
Why will the fox talk?  How should I know?
How does the tablet do?  How should I know how the tablet do does.
How does David Cameron made of?  How should I know how David Cameron made from does
How does Hillary Clinton eat?  How should I know how Hillary Clinton eat does.
Why will sheep type?  Good chance.
Why will the president attack enemies?  With a nuclear warhead
How will the moon do things?  By using Grammerly
Why will the horse use computers?  Horses will never use computers
Why does laptops use computers?  That makes no sense
How does the tablet eat?  My tablet eats by chewing up power like a crazed maniac
Why does celebrities do things?  They want to be famous
How does the fox be happy?  It lives in the moment
How will lions eat?  with their paws
Why does Windows do new things?  becuse it want's you to spend more money
Why does animals work?  because they don't want to be tired
How will the prime minister made of?  doesn't make sense
Why will desktops acheive?  what?
Why will the prime minister do coding?  
How does animals meet people?  At the zoo
How does Theresa May do programming?  On a computer
How will Bear Grylls win?  I don't know
How will Bear Grylls make?  Bear Grylls makes adventure seem like a peice of cake
How will Hillary Clinton attack enemies?  With nukes
How will Bear Grylls eat?  With his mouth
How will celebrities acheive?  Using smartphones
Why will fruit drink?  They will use straws
How does Trump acheive?  How should I know how Trump acheive does.
How does the iPad make?  How should I know how the iPad make does.
How will the cow speak?  A lot of practise.
How will Bear Grylls acheive?  A lot of practise.
Why will strawberries be happy?  
Why will Trump walk?  You just have to try.
How will the iPod do?  I don't know. Do you?
